Holy moly we did it.
That wasn't too bad was it.
I mean there's a lot of new concept and machine learning is a big big topic that could be a whole course
in its own.
But I hope I was able to narrow down the essence of machine learning so you understand what's happening
when people talk about M.L. we're simply doing these steps and we've learned about all of these steps
so that now you can start to improve on them and learn how to perhaps improve at each step of the way.
Now I've created a little notebook here that you can actually follow.
I even have done some visualizations for you here using map plot lib to show you some of the iris dataset
and kind of explore it on your own.
But the key here is that you use Jupiter notebooks to visualize data to manipulate data to clean data
and then slowly as you start to learn about your data you start making predictions to test your data
to train your model on this dataset and hopefully get it to the point where you can make some important
business decisions.
Now this iris dataset isn't necessarily useful to somebody like Amazon or Google but using these basic
principles you now have the ability to increase the ability of a model from just detecting flower types
to detecting all sorts of images image recognitions self-driving cars all use the same principles but
at the end of the day all we're doing is creating these models or functions by giving them inputs and
some of our outputs to see how good we can create that function and all we're doing is moving ourselves
away from the function writers to simply the data aggregators and the people that change the inputs
here and there to try and make the function as good as possible.
Now the topic of machine learning is really really vast.
There's different topics that we can explore but the key thing is that there are a lot of tools and
in order for you to do machine learning really well you need big datasets.
So companies that we talked about like Microsoft Amazon Netflix can do machine learning really well
and invest a lot of money into machine learning because they have these datasets available now.
You can create your custom models but these big companies also offer things like trainable models that
is very general models like vision auto email vision that you can train but they initially at least
have created the base model for you or you can even use the pre trained models which essentially do
everything for you.
It's that model that you can just plug and play and use and you get the benefit of all that data that
Google collected.
They just give you the model that you want to use.
You want to do translation Well you just send them the text and they'll respond with the translated
text for you because remember what I said.
The value is not necessarily in the model but in the data that we use in creating that model.
This was a big topic.
I hope your head doesn't hurt.
And if you don't get everything 100 percent don't worry.
This is a big topic that is constantly evolving and there are so many advances happening every single
day that even the experts are overwhelmed the idea of this section was just to introduce you to the
topic so that maybe if this picture interest you can explore these topics on your own.
Further along I'll least some resources some of my favorite resources for you so that you can explore
this a little bit further.
But for now.
Good job getting this far.
I'm really proud of you.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.